Improve docs for managing project privacy (#2761)
wandb/docs: snippets/_includes/project-visibility-settings.mdx

import ProjectVisibilityScopesTable from "/snippets/_includes/project-visibility-scopes-table.mdx";

1. Navigate to your W&B organization on a W&B Multi-tenant Cloud, Dedicated Cloud, or Self-Managed instance.
2. Click the **Create a new project** button in the left-hand sidebar's **My projects** section. Alternatively, navigate to the **Projects** tab of your team and click the **Create new project** button in the upper right-hand corner.

> 3. After you select the parent team and enter the name of the project, select the desired scope from the **Project Visibility** dropdown.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to your W&B project.
2. From the top of any project page, click the icon next to the project name to edit the project's visibility. The icon reflects the current visibility scope: **Open**, **Public**, **Team**, or **Restricted**. See [Visibility scopes](#visibility-scopes).
3. From the **Project Visibility** dropdown, select the desired scope, then click **Save**.
```
